[DX-1343] Replace master/slave content where possible, for tier 1 compliance with inclusive naming (#4641)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/basic-config-and-security/security/mutual-tls/concepts.md

You may notice that you can't get the raw certificate back, only its meta information. This is to ensure security. Certificates with private keys have special treatment and are encoded before storing. If a private key is found it will be encrypted with AES256 algorithm 3 using the `security.private_certificate_encoding_secret` secret, defined in `tyk.conf` file. Otherwise, the certificate will use the [secret](https://tyk.io/docs/configure/tyk-gateway-configuration-options/#a-name-secret-a-secret) value in `tyk.conf`.

### MDCB 

> Mutual TLS configuration in an MDCB environment has specific requirements. An MDCB environment usually consists of a management environment and workers who, using MDCB, sync configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutual TLS configuration in an MDCB environment has specific requirements. An MDCB environment consists of a Control Plane and multiple Data Planes that, using MDCB, sync configuration. 
```

The agreed MDCB terminology is Control Plane and Data Plane. I thought we were moving away from describing the Gateways deployed in each as "management gw" and "worker gw" (though accept the page I wrote a long time ago still uses the "worker" term - https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components/#data-plane)

> The Management and worker environments usually do not share any secrets; thus a certificate with private keys encoded with secret in management Gateway will not be accessible to workers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Control Plane and Data Plane environments usually do not share any secrets; thus a certificate with private keys encoded with secret in the Control Plane will not be accessible to Data Plane gateways. 
```

Author: @andyo-tyk Should I use deployments instead of environments?

```suggestion
The Control Plane and Data Plane deployments usually do not share any secrets; thus a certificate with private keys encoded with secret in the Control Plane will not be accessible to Data Plane gateways. 
```

To solve this issue, you need to set `security.private_certificate_encoding_secret`  in the MDCB configuration file to the same value as specified in your management Gateway configuration file. By knowing the original secret, MDCB will be able to decode private keys, and 

> send them to client without password. Using a secure connection between worker Gateways and MDCB is required in this case. See MDCB setup page for use_ssl usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
send them to client without password. Using a secure connection between Data Plane Gateways and MDCB is required in this case. See MDCB setup page for use_ssl usage.
```
